it seems you are having problems with
our arrangements tomorrow you
go to Egypt let your victories in
battles last infinitely brother because
if you come back i will kill you the hero was
banished
three dear to me I count on
profit
he is a guest on our shores
just for you heracles
I will not stop taking revenge for my friends
whether the son of zeus heracles blue of his father and
you will open forces that are impossible
even imagine
from the creators of the film irrepressible today
we fight for our lives
what salvation can you offer these
to people
if you can't save yourself
not
so where is your power son of god
Heracles
birth of a legend